You said if you lose, you're at my disposal, right?
Mm, what are you doing?
Hahahaha
You are dead.
Just now
I got the message.
The Zhao family offered a reward for 5 million safflower to save me
Do you know safflower?
Once sent
The best snowmen in the entire river city will come here
You you
And you all have to die
Hey liberation
So we can go out in a while
I'll kill you when I get out
Not a small skill
It seems to be to help you two reduce the fire
Let go of me, what do you want, brother-in-law?
Help me, brother-in-law
Thanks to you
Otherwise, I can't think of it.
Since you like playing with water so much
Just drink enough at once
No you can't do this to me
I'm a black ball person
You will regret it
What should I do, brother-in-law?
Brother-in-law, think of a way, brother-in-law